README.md, before:

# watch-face-wearfit
 
 A collection of watch face binary files.

 ## Collection

 - [`dials/D18Max`](dials/D18Max/README.md)
 - [`dials/HW19`](dials/HW19/README.md)
 - [`dials/HW21`](dials/HW21/README.md)
 - [`dials/HW22`](dials/HW22/README.md)
 - [`dials/HW22+`](dials/HW22+/README.md)
 - [`dials/mibro_air`](dials/mibro_air/README.md)
 - [`dials/others`](dials/others/README.md)
 - [`dials/X5Pro`](dials/X5Pro/README.md)
 - [`dials/X8Ultra`](dials/X8Ultra/README.md)

## Installation
 
 They can be installed using Chronos app
 
 <a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fbiego.chronos&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' height="100px" src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png'/></a>


> **Warning**
> Install faces at your own risk as they may not be compatible with your watch

## Tools

~~The [`watchface.jar`](tools/watchface.jar) file can be used to rebuild the watchface background for the purpose of viewing only. Modifying the background is not yet possible for use as a watch face.~~

~~Extract > `java -jar watchface.jar 107_2_dial.bin 240 240`~~

~~On Windows, you can drag and drop the bin file on [`drag-drop.bat`](tools/drag-drop)~~

The latest version of Chronos (v2.4.0) allows you to extract binary watchfaces. When extracting, the watchface resources will be saved as images. If you make any edits to these images, you can then pack them back into a binary watchface.

Commit message:

Dials compatible with HW57 Pro

README.md, after:

# watch-face-wearfit
 
 A collection of watch face binary files.

 ## Collection

 - [`dials/D18Max`](dials/D18Max/README.md)
 - [`dials/HW19`](dials/HW19/README.md)
 - [`dials/HW21`](dials/HW21/README.md)
 - [`dials/HW22`](dials/HW22/README.md)
 - [`dials/HW22+`](dials/HW22+/README.md)
 - [`dials/mibro_air`](dials/mibro_air/README.md)
 - [`dials/others`](dials/others/README.md)
 - [`dials/X5Pro`](dials/X5Pro/README.md)
 - [`dials/X8Ultra`](dials/X8Ultra/README.md)

## Compatibilities 
- HW22+ and D18Max dials tested and working for HW57 Pro.
- Do not try to install X8Ultra dials in HW57 Pro; this will reboot your watch in loop.

## Installation
 
 They can be installed using Chronos app
 
 <a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fbiego.chronos&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' height="100px" src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png'/></a>


> **Warning**
> Install faces at your own risk as they may not be compatible with your watch

## Tools

~~The [`watchface.jar`](tools/watchface.jar) file can be used to rebuild the watchface background for the purpose of viewing only. Modifying the background is not yet possible for use as a watch face.~~

~~Extract > `java -jar watchface.jar 107_2_dial.bin 240 240`~~

~~On Windows, you can drag and drop the bin file on [`drag-drop.bat`](tools/drag-drop)~~

The latest version of Chronos (v2.4.0) allows you to extract binary watchfaces. When extracting, the watchface resources will be saved as images. If you make any edits to these images, you can then pack them back into a binary watchface.
